feat(eks): managed node groups can specify updateConfig (#27320)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-eks/README.md

});
```

> To define the maximum number of instances which can be simultaneously replaced in a node group during a version update you can set the `updateConfig` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Custom Update Configuration Support
...
```
The documentation will need to be updated following properties changes.

});
```

To define the maximum number of instances which can be simultaneously replaced in a node group during a version update you can set `maxUnavailable` or `maxUnavailablePercentage` options.

> > For more details visit [Nodegroup UpdateConfig](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-eks-nodegroup-updateconfig.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more details visit [Updating a managed node group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/update-managed-node-group.html)
```
I think it should point to the user guide since CloudFormation links are already provided on the properties definition.
